engine: 26.1.0 release notes (#19835)
docker/docs: content/engine/release-notes/26.1.md

- Deprecated and removed features, see [Deprecated Features](https://github.com/docker/cli/blob/v26.1.0/docs/deprecated.md).
- Changes to the Engine API, see [API version history](https://github.com/moby/moby/blob/v26.1.0/docs/api/version-history.md).

### New

- Added configurable OpenTelemetry utilities and basic instrumentation to commands.
  For more information, see [OpenTelemetry for the Docker CLI](https://docs.docker.com/config/otel). [docker/cli#4889](https://github.com/docker/cli/pull/4889)

### Bug fixes and enhancements

- Native Windows containers are configured with an internal DNS server for container name resolution, and external DNS servers for other lookups.
  Not all resolvers, including `nslookup`, fall back to the external resolvers when they get a `SERVFAIL` answer from the internal server.
  So, the internal DNS server can now be configured to forward requests to the external resolvers, by setting a `feature` option in the `daemon.json` file:

  ```json
  {
    "features": {
      "windows-dns-proxy": true
    }
  }
  ```

  [moby/moby#47584](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/47584)

  > **Note**
  >

>   > - This will the new default behaviour in Docker Engine 27.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > - This will be the new default behavior in Docker Engine 27.0.
```

Reviewer 2: thanks
